Compound V2 | Ethereum | 15.05.2025 (#174)
deficollective/defiscan: src/content/protocols/compound-v2.md

| CErc20Delegator ( Proxy ) / CErc20 / CEther | \_setImplementation             | Upgrades the **`CErc20Delegate`** (market logic). Malicious code could steal balances or block withdrawals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Timelock (DAO)                      |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate                              | initialize                      | Sets all of the core parameters on the delegate implementation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: similar to constructors, we usually don't include initialize functions

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate                              | sweepToken                      | Moves tokens accidentally sent to the CToken contract to its admin, i.e., the Timelock. A rogue admin could repeatedly call sweepToken to empty out significant balances of arbitrary ERC-20 tokens held by the contract.                                                                                                                                                                          | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: This is meant to retrieve tokens sent by accident, is there any way to steal actual user funds from it?

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate                              | \_delegateCompLikeTo            | Lets admin change the address that receives COMP-style reward distributions. A rogue admin could redirect all COMP rewards to an attacker‐controlled address.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CErc20Delegate                              | \_delegateCompLikeTo            | Changes the address that receives COMP-style reward distributions. A rogue admin could redirect all COMP rewards to an attacker‐controlled address.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Timelock (DAO)                      |
```

Reviewer: Could you specify what those rewards are

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setPendingAdmin               | Writes a new pendingAdmin address. Controls who can then call `_acceptAdmin` to become the new admin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: Updates the admin of the contract. The new admin can [... capabilities]. The new admin has to call `_acceptAdmin` to accept the nomination.

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_acceptAdmin                   | Moves pendingAdmin into admin and clears pendingAdmin. Finalizes admin transfers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | PendingAdmin                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_acceptAdmin                   | Called by the new admin to finalize the admin transfer and accept the nomination..                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | PendingAdmin                        |
```

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setComptroller                | Sets a new comptroller for the market.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: what could be the consequences?

| CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setReserveFactor              | Accrues interest andset a new `reserveFactorMantissa` (the fraction of interest set aside as reserves) using `_setReserveFactorFresh`. Admin can instantly raise fees or drain reserves.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Timelock (DAO)                      |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setReserveFactorFresh         | Set a new `reserveFactorMantissa`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: you can remove it as it's internal.

| CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_reduceReserves                | Accrues interest for the market, then subtracts the specified amount from totalReserves and transfers that amount to the admin address using `_reduceReservesFresh`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Timelock (DAO)                      |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_reduceReservesFresh           | Reduces reserves by transferring to admin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: You can remove it as well

| CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setInterestRateModel          | Accrues interest for the market and then set a new interest rate model using `_setInterestRateModelFresh`, pointing the market to a different rate‐calculation contract. A malicious admin could install a model that sets exorbitant rates or breaks interest accrual.                                                                                                                            | Timelock (DAO)                      |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate / CErc20 / CEther            | \_setInterestRateModelFresh     | Updates the interest rate model                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: and you can remove this one

+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | CErc20Delegate                              | \_becomeImplementation          | Permits admin to mark this contract as the new active implementation for its proxy. A malicious upgrade here could completely replace logic with a backdoor. permissions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: Looks unfinished. Could you explain more specifically what could a malicious update do

| CErc20Delegate                              | \_resignImplementation          | Allows admin to resign this contract as an implementation. A malicious admin could resign without setting a valid successor, freezing the market.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Timelock (DAO)                      |
+---------------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | JumpRateModelV2                             | updateJumpRateModel             | Updates the the per-block interest rate parameters. A rogue admin could set extreme parameters, forcing exorbitant interest rates.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Timelock (DAO)                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| JumpRateModelV2                             | updateJumpRateModel             | Updates the per-block interest rate parameters. A rogue admin could set extreme parameters, forcing exorbitant interest rates.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Timelock (DAO)                      |
```

-    **Fixed‐price fallback**: if an administrator has set a fixedPrice for a given asset, then getUnderlyingPrice will return this hard-coded price in case of error on the primary price source.

-   **Impact**: this allows the protocol to continue operating with a sane collateral price if the main feed is down or misbehaving, preventing total system paralysis.

So the protocol does not validate asset prices returned by Chainlink or offer a valid fallback oracle mechanism.

**`PiceOracle`** fetches prices from Chainlink Price Feeds when requested for a specific cToken.

The Chainlink oracle system itself is upgradeable without decentralized ownership over those permissions. This dependency thus introduces centralization risk in the Compound-v2 protocol.

The [Compound community multisig](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbbf3f1421d886e9b2c5d716b5192ac998af2012c) has the ability to update the configs on the Price Feed. The multisig has the flexibility to make the following changes:

-   **Add new markets**

-   **Update price feed for markets**

-   **Update fixed price for markets**

-   **Remove old markets**

> 

Reviewer: Please try and avoid the bullet points again, just simple and straightforward paragraphs, what can be done and what are the consequences. Please also include a small paragraph on why Chainlink is a centralized dependency, you can take the 2nd paragraph from Compound V3's Dependencies section.
